*May 21, 2015*

### Backend/Server ###

- **New:** Introduced new route profile (HeavyVehicle).
- **New:** Support turn restrictions.
- **New:** Added RequestRateThrottleFilter to limit to many requests from a single client.
- **Fixed:** Geocoding Service modified to resolve worldwide geocode requests including adminstrative polygons.
- **Fixed:** Incorrect order of route instractions in the case of Chinese language.
- **Fixed:** Minor issues regarding sidewalks in pedestrian profile.
- **Improved:** Added RequestRateThrottleFilter to limit to many requests from a single client.
- **Improved:** Implemented a backup system in Geocoding service to forward failed requests to MapQuest Nominatim Search API Web Service.
- **Improved:** Accessibility Analysis Service has been extended to support different methods (RecursiveGrid, TIN) to compute isochrone maps, as well as the interval parameter has been introduced.
- **Improved:** Accessibility Analysis Service returns multiple polygons that can contain holes.
- **Improved:** Bike and pedestrian route profiles support avoid features (ferries, unpaved roads, steps).

### Frontend/Client ###

- **New:** New HeavyVehicle route profile was added.
- **New:** The client shows the date when a routing graph was built.
- **Fixed:** Minor bugfixes release see [Github] https://github.com/GIScience/openrouteservice/milestones/2.2.
- **Improved:** AAS multipolygon and advanced parameter settings (TIN,Recursive Grid, interval) support added.
- **Improved:** Multiple GPX track upload and route calculation added.
- **Improved:** Permalink handling improved including bitly shortlink support
- **Improved:** Instructions list.
- **Improved:** Bike and pedestrian route profiles support avoid features (ferries, unpaved roads, steps).
